---
layout:     post
title:      "Disecting CSRF"
subtitle:   "Cross Origin Request Forgery"
date:       2016-07-27 11:00:00
author:     "Heeraj"
header-img: "img/post-bg-02.png"
---
<script type='text/javascript' src='//eclkmpbn.com/adServe/banners?tid=98477_161886_3&type=footer&size=468x60'></script>
<p>It has been long time, I have blogged and I am having a plan to increase the blog count more. I was busy in some other stuff
,but today I will discussing about one of the oldest attack vector and still alive attack. This attack can been seen the most 
in real world. It is one of the most reported bug in bug hunting sites like hackerone and bug crowd. It is none other than CSRF
- Cross Site request Forgery attack.<p>

<p>This attack has created very much confusion for the people, the attack is very much misunderstood by the most. Let us come
to the attack. Imagine you are logged into some site xyz.com, you site has an simple form to change the password which only 
asks for new password. In the other tab, you got an mail, mail says "Click me to win prize". By seeing this you click this and 
an website in loaded in next tab. Nothing happens and you close it, when you return to the xyz.com, after logging out of the 
session and trying for login. You observe that you are not able to login. The question is where you have been attacked?<p>

<p>My answer would a big yes, the mail you received was simple social engineering attack. Now let me tell you what really 
happend, when you recieved an mail and you clicked in it. When new website was loaded in other tab, it submits the password 
form through the javascript embedded in it. This attack is quite common, but the intensity of the attack varies on different
point. The attack is most vulnerable in points like password reset, deletion, transactions, code injections and many more. 
The combinations of the XSS and CSRF can make it more worser.<p>

<p>The attack can be stopped by using CSRF token, but the csrf token should be random and should not be predictable otherewise
 there is no use for the token. I will updating the post as much possible, stay tunned!!<p>

